# Special Rye, sliced – 500g

## Product name
Special Rye, sliced – 500g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 500g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged specialties

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
Put the Special Rye Bread on the table, a filling bread but above all, a healthy one. Rye and whole grains are a rich source of magnesium, a mineral that acts on the body, restoring an optimal level of energy and supporting the proper functioning of the muscular and skeletal systems. What's special about the Rye Bread is its brown, crispy, and aromatic crust, as well as a higher density compared to bread made from white flour. A slice full of energy helps you finish everything on your plate.

## Product benefits
- Rye flour bread, compared to classic wheat flour bread, produces a much lower glycemic index.
- The Special Rye Bread contains significantly more fiber than wheat flour bread, fibers beneficial for the better functioning of the body.
- Low in calories and rich in fiber, the Special Rye Bread is a staple in the diet of people who want to lose weight.

## Ingredients
Whole rye flour (50%), water, rye bran (10%), type 650 white wheat flour, yeast, wheat gluten, iodized salt, non-hydrogenated vegetable palm oil, barley malt flour, soy flour, enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten, soy. May contain traces of: sesame and nuts.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|-----------------|------------------|
| Energy value                            | 973 kj/229 kcal | 11.5             |
| Fats                                    | 0.8 g           | 1.1              |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.24 g          | 1.2              |
| Carbohydrates                           | 40.7 g          | 15.7             |
| of which sugars                         | 4.12 g          | 4.6              |
| Proteins                                | 14.8 g          | 29.6             |
| Fiber                                   |                 | _                |
| Salt                                    | 1.3 g           | 21.7             |

## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022