# The Baker's Pride Bread, sliced – 500g

## Product name
The Baker's Pride Bread, sliced – 500g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 500g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged specialties

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
A well-browned and proud bread, whose fame spreads far and wide, is always a bread made the old-fashioned way, from natural ingredients and sourdough. Carefully kneaded by the strong hands of our bakers, from a fluffy dough, then rested in a warm place, baked with love, like in the old days, according to ancient customs, the Baker's Pride bread preserves the rich taste of tradition. The Baker's Pride is kneaded with sourdough cared for by us, which gives it a special taste and texture. The specific taste, the crumb's texture, the crispy crust, the real health benefits, the care with which this bread is made – all are premises we are proud of when we offer you this bread.

## Product benefits
Benefits of Sourdough Bread:
- Sourdough leads to a slower fermentation, the metabolism of the microorganisms involved is not forced in any way and the biochemical processes occur naturally, thus, the resulting bread will be easier to digest. In the sourdough-leavened dough, complex carbohydrates are partially broken down into simpler and more easily digestible sugars, and proteins into amino acids.
- There are also notable benefits for diabetics or for people who want to maintain a balanced weight because sourdough has a low glycemic index.
- As a living part of a healthy bread, sourdough contains probiotics (lactobacillus), vital elements for the digestive system. Through natural leavening, thanks to the benefits of the ferments, sourdough bread recreates the population of bacteria favorable to an optimal digestive process.
- Sourdough contains a multitude of vitamins: B1-B6, B12, E, magnesium, potassium, calcium, phosphorus, zinc as well as a large part of the nutrients from the cereal grain, released in forms easily assimilated by the body.
- Sourdough gives a special taste to the bread - the slightly sour taste - which will always remind of the bread made with so much kindness by loved ones at home.

## Ingredients
Type 650 white wheat flour, 39%, type 480 white wheat flour, 28%, water, potato flakes 5% (dehydrated potatoes 99%), wheat gluten, yeast, non-hydrogenated vegetable fats, iodized salt

## Allergens
Gluten. May contain traces of: soy and sesame.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|----------------|------------------|
| Energy value                            | 223kcal/949kj  | 11.3             |
| Fats                                    | 0.36 g         | 0.5              |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.1 g          | 0.5              |
| Carbohydrates                           | 42.7 g         | 16.4             |
| of which sugars                         | 4.2 g          | 1.05             |
| Proteins                                | 12.4 g         | 24.8             |
| Fiber                                   |                | _                |
| Salt                                    | 1.3 g          | 21.7             |

## Shelf life
4 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022