# The Little Slice with Seeds, packaged – 400g

## Product name
The Little Slice with Seeds, packaged – 400g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 400g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged specialties

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
Bread with a dense crumb, full of nutritious and filling seeds, with an always crispy and savory crust. The first sensation when you taste it will be that you can't get enough... but the effect is different! The Little Slice with seeds is rich in fiber, being recommended in various diets, for children, but also for culinary delight enthusiasts. This rye bread, full of seeds, provides the body with an important intake of mineral salts and vitamins.

## Product benefits
- Flax seeds contain Omega 3 and fiber, which have the quality of protecting the heart and blood vessels from the effects of "bad" cholesterol and aging.
- Sesame seeds contain an abundance of vitamins A, B, C, E, are very rich in calcium and have a protein intake 50% higher than that found in meat.
- Sunflower seeds are a basic remedy in combating kidney, bile, or circulatory diseases, through the effect they have on detoxifying the body.
- Pumpkin seeds contain vitamins, microelements and, especially, Zinc, a natural element extremely beneficial in cellular processes that keeps the health of the skeletal system unaltered.

## Ingredients
Flour (28% whole rye flour, type 650 white wheat flour, type 1350 dark wheat flour), 20.8% seed mix in variable proportions (flax seeds, sunflower seeds, sesame seeds, pumpkin seeds, in variable proportions), water, yeast, iodized salt, barley malt flour, enzymes.

## Allergens
wheat gluten, sesame. May contain traces of soy, nuts, milk, egg.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|-----------------|------------------|
| Energy value                            | 1290kj/309 kcal | 15.4             |
| Fats                                    | 18.6 g          | 26.6             |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 2.8 g           | 14               |
| Carbohydrates                           | 21.4 g          | 8.2              |
| of which sugars                         | 3g              | 3.3              |
| Proteins                                | 13.9 g          | 27.8             |
| Fiber                                   |                 | _                |
| Salt                                    | 1.4 g           | 22.7             |

## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022