# Toast Bread with whole wheat flour, sliced - 600g

## Product name
Toast Bread with whole wheat flour, sliced - 600g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 600g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged bread

## Product photo

## Product description
Everything is tastier with a slice of warm, toasted bread, ready to be enjoyed with butter, sour cherry jam, or maybe a little cheese or honey. The fine, delicate taste, the crispy texture, the light consistency, all these attributes make the Toast bread from Panifcom the perfect combination with whatever is tastiest in the fridge. The Benefica Toast Bread is a top-quality bread that, without preservatives, maintains its freshness for a long time (24 days), thanks to the double protective packaging and the fact that it is a pasteurized product. Although the products have a shelf life of 24 days, the high preservability is not obtained through the addition of chemical substances, but through the innovative technological process used. The Benefica Whole Wheat Toast Bread is perfect for consumers interested in healthy nutrition, the benefits of fiber, and also their figure. The best sandwich or open-faced sandwich? It can be with anything, as long as the bread is the Benefica Toast.


## Product benefits
- Premium, pasteurized product that keeps its freshness for longer
- Innovative technology that allows the product to maintain its organoleptic properties unaltered.
- Innovative double packaging for more protection
- Perfect, square shape, ideal for a sandwich that's just as good, anytime or with anything
- A children's favorite with butter and strawberry jam
- Perfect for toasting, for making croutons, or for fresh sandwiches
- Loved by children, thanks to its thin, easy-to-chew crust
- High fiber content


## Ingredients
Whole wheat flour, 60%, water, graham flour, yeast, wheat gluten, sugar, malt extract, iodized salt, margarine, acidity regulator (sodium diacetate), malt flour (from barley), flour treatment agent (ascorbic acid).


## Allergens
Gluten. May contain traces of: milk and sesame


## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|--------|-------------------|
| Energy value                            | 224kcal/948kj | 11.2             |
| Fats                                    | 2g     | 2.9               |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.6 g  | 3                 |
| Carbohydrates                           | 41 g   | 15.8              |
| of which sugars                         | 2.3 g  | 2.6               |
| Proteins                                | 10.5 g | 21                |
| Fiber                                   | 1.1 g  | 18.3              |
| Salt                                    |        |                   |


## Shelf life
21 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022