# Rye Toast Bread, sliced - 600g

## Product name
Rye Toast Bread, sliced - 600g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 600g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged bread

## Product photo


## Product description
Everything is tastier with a slice of warm, toasted bread, ready to be enjoyed with butter, sour cherry jam, or maybe a little cheese or honey. The fine, delicate taste, the crispy texture, the light consistency - all these attributes make Panifcom's Toast bread the perfect combination with anything tasty from the fridge.

Benefica Toast Bread is a top bread that, without preservatives, keeps its freshness for a long time (24 days), thanks to the double protective packaging and the fact that it is a pasteurized product. Although the products have an expiry date of 24 days, the high shelf life is not obtained by adding chemicals, but through the innovative technological process used.

Benefica Rye Toast Bread comes with many benefits for the digestive system. Consuming rye bread is ideal for preventing obesity because the fiber in rye provides a feeling of fullness and satiety for a longer duration. The best sandwich or open-faced sandwich? It can be with anything, as long as the bread is Benefica Toast.

## Product benefits
- Premium, pasteurized product that keeps its freshness for longer
- Innovative technology that allows the product to maintain its organoleptic properties unaltered.
- Innovative double packaging for more protection
- Perfect square shape, ideal for a sandwich that's just as good, anytime or with anything
- Children's favorite with butter and strawberry jam
- Perfect for toasting, croutons, or fresh sandwiches
- Loved by children thanks to its thin, easy-to-chew crust
- Ideal for maintaining a healthy figure thanks to the rye fiber

## Ingredients
Type 480 white wheat flour, water, whole wheat flour, 10% rye flour, graham flour, yeast, margarine, wheat gluten, sugar, malt flour (from barley), iodized salt, acidity regulator (sodium diacetate), flour treatment agent (ascorbic acid).

## Allergens
Gluten. May contain traces of: milk and sesame.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | %RI* per 100g |
|---|---|
| Energy value | 265kcal/1119kj | 13.2 |
| Fats | 4g | 5.7 |
| of which saturated fatty acids | 1.2g | 6 |
| Carbohydrates | 46 g | 17 |
| of which sugars | 3.6 g | 4 |
| Proteins | 8.5 g | 17 |
| Fiber | 0.9 g | 15 |
| Salt |  |  |

## Shelf life
21 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022

