# Ștefan's White Bread, sliced – 500g

## Product name
Ștefan's White Bread, sliced – 500g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 500g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged specialties

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
Ștefan's Bread is a specialty from Iași, created according to the traditional method, using only natural ingredients - water, flour, and sourdough. With sourdough fermented for 26 hours, by 6 skilled people.
Ștefan's Bread has the flavor and warmth of a treat that fills the house with pure memories and preserves the taste of bread baked in the grandmothers' hearth, as well as the sweet aroma of peacefully risen dough placed to rise under a white cloth towel, like a precious treasure.
Ștefan's Bread is a Panifcom product with a special characteristic defined by a unique imprint, a specific characteristic, a living bread that preserves a special taste.
The story of this special bread starts with Ștefan, the grandson of the one who founded the first mill in Panifcom's history in 1924, and revived this bread, according to the recipe that only he knows. To give it the taste of old, Ștefan's Bread is made according to the traditional method, only from natural ingredients - water, flour, and sourdough. And since sourdough is no joke, we leave it to ferment for a whole day. So, it takes us 26 hours of work, passion, and dedication to make this wonderful bread that you hold in your hand.
Ștefan's Bread, with sourdough, keeps its qualities longer than bread made exclusively with baker's yeast, qualities that are beneficial for a healthy but also tasty meal.

## Product benefits
Benefits of consuming sourdough bread:
Sourdough bread is a special product. The specific taste, the texture of the crumb, the crispy crust, the real health benefits, the care with which this bread is obtained - these are all premises we consider when we aim to offer you the healthy and tasty Ștefan's Bread.

It's miraculous how two simple ingredients like water and flour can transform into something truly extraordinary: sourdough. Originating in Egypt where, 3500 years ago, it was first kneaded, sourdough has a number of considerable benefits:
- Sourdough leads to a slower fermentation, the metabolism of the microorganisms involved is not forced in any way, and the biochemical processes take place naturally, thus, the resulting bread will be easier to digest. In sourdough-risen dough, complex carbohydrates are partially broken down into simpler and more easily digestible sugars, and proteins into amino acids.
- Notable benefits are also for diabetics or for people who want to maintain a balanced weight, because sourdough has a low glycemic index.
- As a living part of a healthy bread, sourdough contains probiotics (lactobacillus), vital elements for the digestive system. Through natural rising, due to the benefits of enzymes, sourdough bread recreates the population of bacteria favorable to an optimal digestive process.
- Sourdough contains a multitude of vitamins: B1-B6, B12, E, magnesium, potassium, calcium, phosphorus, zinc, as well as a large part of the nutrients from the cereal grain, released in forms easily assimilated by the body. Sourdough gives the bread its special taste - the slightly sour taste - that will always remind you of the bread lovingly made by your loved ones back home.

Ștefan's Bread with sourdough keeps its qualities longer than bread made exclusively with baker's yeast, qualities that are beneficial for a healthy but also tasty meal.

## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** Type 650 white wheat flour, 69%, water, 7% potato flakes (99% dehydrated potatoes), yeast, iodized salt, whole rye flour, wheat gluten, preservative (calcium propionate), antioxidant (ascorbic acid), flour treatment agent (L-cysteine), enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten. May contain traces of: soy and sesame.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|------------------|-------------------|
| Energy value                             | 223kcal/949kj  | 11.3            |
| Fats                                     | 0.36 g          | 0.5             |
| of which saturated fatty acids           | 0.1 g           | 0.5             |
| Carbohydrates                            | 42.7 g          | 16.4            |
| of which sugars                          | 3.8 g           | 4.2             |
| Proteins                                 | 12.4 g          | 24.8            |
| Fiber                                    |                  | _               |
| Salt                                     | 1.3 g           | 21.7            |


## Shelf life
4 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022

