# Ștefan's Dark Bread, sliced – 500g

## Product name
Ștefan's Dark Bread, sliced – 500g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 500g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged specialties

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
Ștefan's Bread is a specialty from Iași, created according to the traditional method, only from natural ingredients - water, flour, and sourdough starter. With sourdough fermented for 26 hours, by 6 skilled people. Ștefan's Bread has the flavor and warmth of a treat that fills the house with pure memories and preserves the taste of bread baked in the grandparents' hearth, as well as the sweet aroma of a peacefully baked loaf left to rise under a white cloth, like a precious treasure.  Ștefan's Bread is a Panifcom product with a special characteristic, a unique fingerprint, a living bread that preserves a special taste. The story of this special bread starts with Ștefan, the grandson of the one who founded the first mill in Panifcom's history in 1924, and who revived this bread, based on a recipe that only he knows. To give it the old-fashioned taste, Ștefan's Bread is created according to the traditional method, using only natural ingredients - water, flour, and sourdough starter. And since sourdough is no joke, we leave it to ferment for a whole day. Thus, it takes us 26 hours of work, passion, and dedication to create this wonderful bread that you hold in your hand.

Ștefan's Bread, with sourdough, keeps its qualities longer than bread made exclusively with baker's yeast, qualities that are beneficial for a healthy and delicious meal.


## Product benefits
**The benefits of consuming bread with sourdough starter and dark & whole rye flour:**
Sourdough bread is a unique product. The specific taste, the texture of the crumb, the crispy crust, the real health benefits, the care with which this bread is made – all these are premises that we consider when we aim to offer you the healthy and delicious Ștefan's Bread. It's miraculous how two simple ingredients, like water and flour, can turn into something truly extraordinary: sourdough starter. Originating in Egypt where, 3500 years ago, it was first kneaded, sourdough starter has considerable benefits.
- Due to the presence of insoluble fibers, whole grain bread increases intestinal motility and, therefore, is recommended for those suffering from digestive disorders.
- Consuming it does not raise blood sugar levels, so it can be consumed in moderate amounts even by those suffering from diabetes.
- Being less caloric and richer in fiber, whole wheat bread is also recommended for those on a weight loss diet and is effective for balanced diets.
- Whole rye bread or dark bread is rich in fiber and mineral salts such as potassium and calcium and, naturally, does not contain gluten.
- Sourdough leads to a slower fermentation, the metabolism of the microorganisms involved is not forced in any way, and the biochemical processes take place naturally, thus the resulting bread will be easier to digest. In sourdough, complex carbohydrates are partially broken down into simpler and more digestible sugars, and proteins into amino acids.
- Notable benefits are also present for diabetics or for people who want to maintain a balanced weight, because sourdough has a low glycemic index.
- As a living part of a healthy bread, sourdough contains probiotics (lactobacillus), vital elements for the digestive system. Through natural rising, thanks to the benefits of the ferments, sourdough bread recreates the population of bacteria favorable to optimal digestive processes.
- Sourdough contains a multitude of vitamins: B1-B6, B12, E, magnesium, potassium, calcium, phosphorus, zinc, as well as a large part of the nutrients in the cereal grain, released in forms easily assimilated by the body. Sourdough gives the bread its unique taste - the slightly sour taste - that will always remind us of the bread made with so much kindness by our loved ones at home.  Ștefan's Bread, always with sourdough, keeps its qualities longer than bread made exclusively with baker's yeast, qualities that are beneficial for a healthy and delicious meal.



## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** type 1350 dark wheat flour (39%), whole rye flour, potato flakes (5%) (99% dehydrated potatoes), wheat bran, type 650 white wheat flour, yeast, iodized salt, wheat gluten, preservative (calcium propionate), emulsifier (mono and diglycerides of fatty acids), antioxidant (ascorbic acid), flour treatment agent (L-cysteine), enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten. May contain traces of: soy and sesame.


## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|------------------|-----------------|
| Energy value                            | 220 kcal/934 kJ  | 11.1            |
| Fats                                    | 0.4 g            | 0.5             |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.1 g            | 0.25            |
| Carbohydrates                           | 39.4g            | 15.2            |
| of which sugars                         | 4.4 g            | 4.9             |
| Proteins                                | 14.7 g           | 29.4            |
| Fiber                                   |                  |                 |
| Salt                                    | 1.2 g            | 20              |


## Shelf life
4 days


---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022

