# Sliced Rye Bread – 500g

## Product name
Sliced Rye Bread – 500g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 500g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged bread

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
Filling and delicious with everything you have at home! A meal of rye, in the form of bread or cereal, is recommended six times a week to normalize cholesterol and blood sugar levels and to avoid cardiovascular problems. Moreover, Panifcom's rye bread is the perfect food for seniors as it reduces the risk of heart attack. For teenagers, rye is nutritionally ideal because it promotes good digestion, and the feeling of satiety will set in quickly.

## Product benefits
Benefits of consuming rye bread:
- consuming rye bread is extremely beneficial for the digestive system. The fiber obtained from rye is effective in generally improving the digestion process.
- Rye helps with weight loss. Another advantage of consuming rye bread is that it is ideal for treating obesity. The fibers in rye provide a feeling of fullness and satiety for long durations, thus contributing to weight loss.
- Nutrition specialists state that rye is a reliable source of fiber, providing the human body with 18 percent of the daily required nutrients. Consuming rye bread at every meal will induce a feeling of satiety quickly, so people who choose this type of bread will no longer feel the need to overeat at meals.
- It is a diabetic-friendly bread. Due to its high magnesium content, the body's insulin secretion will be reduced, which is why rye can be considered a natural remedy for people suffering from diabetes. Moreover, specialists add that regular consumption of rye reduces the risk of developing this disease by 30%, especially in overweight individuals prone to diabetes. At the same time, rye bread has the ability to normalize blood sugar levels, and the contained fibers prevent the formation of toxins in the colon, thus considerably improving digestion.

## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** type 650 white wheat flour (63.5%), whole rye flour (12%), water, wheat bran, yeast, iodized salt, emulsifier (mono and diglycerides of fatty acids), preservative (calcium propionate), antioxidant (ascorbic acid), flour treatment agent (L-cysteine), enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten. The product may contain traces of sesame, soy, nuts.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|------------------|------------------|
| Energy value                            | 229 kcal/973 kJ  | 11.6             |
| Fats                                    | 0.8 g            | 1.1              |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.2 g            | 1                |
| Carbohydrates                           | 40.7 g           | 15.7             |
| of which sugars                         | 4.1 g            | 4.6              |
| Proteins                                | 14.8 g           | 29.6             |
| Salt                                    | 1.3 g            | 21.7             |

## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022