# Dark Rye Bread, round, sliced - 500g

## Product name
Dark Rye Bread, round, sliced - 500g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 500g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged Bread

## Product photo
Simple | Sliced | Packaged
:---|:---|:---:
| | | |


## Product description
Good with butter, with various cheeses, perfect for puddings, Panifcom's dark rye bread is a robust, filling bread full of nutrients. With its firm-textured crumb, thick crust and unmistakable taste, dark rye bread is always a more than healthy choice!


## Product benefits
Benefits of consuming rye bread:
- Consuming rye bread is extremely beneficial for the digestive system. The fiber obtained from rye is effective in improving the overall digestion process.
- Rye helps with weight loss. Another advantage of consuming rye bread is that it is ideal for treating obesity. Rye fiber offers a feeling of fullness and satiety for long periods, thus contributing to weight loss.
- Nutritionists say that rye is a reliable source of fiber, which provides the human body with 18 percent of the daily nutrient requirement. Consuming rye bread at every meal will induce a feeling of satiety quickly, so people who choose this type of bread will no longer feel the need to overeat at meals.
- It is a diabetic-friendly bread. Due to its high magnesium content, the body's insulin secretion will be reduced, which is why rye can be considered a natural aid for people suffering from diabetes.
- Dark bread prevents bloating caused by excessive consumption of meat, dairy, and animal fats.
- Lower in calories than other types of bread, rye bread helps maintain a balanced diet.
- The mineral and vitamin content found in the whole wheat used in dark bread helps maintain optimal blood vessel function.


## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** Dark wheat flour (59.6%), water, whole rye flour (9%), wheat bran, yeast, wheat gluten, iodized salt, enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten. The product may contain traces of: soy, sesame and nuts.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-------------------------------------|--------|------------------|
| Energy value                        | 220 kcal/934 kj | 11              |
| Fats                                | 0.4 g           | 0.6             |
| of which saturated fatty acids      | 0.1 g           | 0.5             |
| Carbohydrates                       | 39.4 g          | 15.2            |
| of which sugars                     | 4.4 g           | 4.9             |
| Proteins                            | 14.7 g          | 29.4            |
| Salt                                | 1.2 g           | 20              |

## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022
