# Graham Bread, sliced – 400g

## Product name
Graham Bread, sliced – 400g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 400g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged bread

## Product photo
Simple | Sliced | Packaged
------- | -------- | --------


## Product description
Eggplant salad always chooses Graham bread from Panifcom. So does butter, mature Telemea cheese, tomatoes, and quince jam. Why? Well, the story is as simple as can be, just like the bread we offer: satiety, taste, in every slice of Panifcom Graham Bread. Sylvester Graham left, along with his name, a healthy diet based on the consumption of a bread made only with whole wheat flour, obtained by grinding the grain to remain as coarse bran.

## Product benefits
Benefits of consuming rye bread:
- Good both toasted and plain
- Exquisite taste and balanced nutrition
- Perfect source of vitamins and magnesium
- Kneaded only according to the original recipe
- Rustic, savory appearance

## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** Type 650 white wheat flour (53%), water, graham flour (23%), wheat bran, yeast, iodized salt, emulsifier (mono- and diglycerides of fatty acids), preservative (calcium propionate), antioxidant (ascorbic acid), flour treatment agent (L-cysteine), enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten. The product may contain traces of sesame, soy, nuts.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|-------|-----------------|
| Energy value                            | 234 kcal/902 kj | 11.7            |
| Fats                                    | 0.8 g          | 1.1             |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.2 g           | 1               |
| Carbohydrates                           | 44.2 g          | 17              |
| of which sugars                         | 5 g            | 5.6             |
| Proteins                                | 12.4 g          | 24.8            |
| Fiber                                   |                | _                |
| Salt                                    | 1.2 g           | 20              |


## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022
