# 3 Grains with seeds, sliced – 400g

## Product name
3 Grains with seeds, sliced – 400g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 400g

## Category
BAKERY/Packaged bread

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
3 Grains Bread – a bread with whole wheat, rye, and oat flour, as well as an addition of flax and sunflower seeds. It is specially kneaded for those who want everything from a specialist in baking and healthy nutrition! The 3 Grains Bread is an ideal way to maintain our health without special efforts, while enjoying a special taste and aroma, conferred not only by the complex composition of the raw materials but also by the production process with a semi-fluid starter, fermented for 8 hours, necessary both for ensuring the microbiological stability of the final product and for the richness of aromas naturally resulting from the long fermentation process.

This product contains:
- 3 types of WHOLEMEAL FLOUR:
  - 51.5% whole WHEAT flour,
  - 4.7% whole RYE flour
  - 1.3% whole OAT flour.
- addition of flax and sunflower seeds

## Product benefits
- By milling the whole grains, all the nutritional components from the grain's structure are kept together: the bran, the germ, and the endosperm. In usual processes, only the endosperm is kept, but the nutritional ratio is diminished. The grain's bran contains most of its fiber, vitamins, enzymes, and mineral salts. The germ contains almost all the lipids and proteins of the grain, as well as mineral salts and vitamins, while the endosperm is mostly composed of starch.
- The wholemeal flour, together with the added seeds, provides the body with a daily bonus of vitamins, carbohydrates, minerals, and proteins.
- Flax seeds are rich in antioxidants and fiber, and sunflower seeds give a special appearance to the bread and bring a health bonus due to antioxidants and fiber.

## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** wholemeal flour (51.5% whole wheat flour, 4.7% whole rye flour, 1.3% whole oat flour), water, seed mix 14.5% (hemp seeds, sunflower seeds, flax seeds in variable proportions), wheat gluten, yeast, soy flour, iodized salt, emulsifier (mono and diglycerides of fatty acids), preservative (calcium propionate), antioxidant (ascorbic acid), flour treatment agent (L-cysteine), enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten, soy. May contain traces of sesame and nuts.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|
| Energy value                            | 266 kcal/1119 kJ  | 13.3             |
| Fats                                    | 7.3 g             | 10.4             |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.9 g             | 4.5              |
| Carbohydrates                           | 34.9 g            | 13.4             |
| of which sugars                         | 2.6 g             | 2.9              |
| Proteins                                | 11.6 g            | 23.2             |
| Fiber                                   | 7.6 g             | _                |
| Salt                                    | 1.1 g             | 18.3             |

## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022