# 3 GRAINS 5 SEEDS Bread – 400g

## Product name
3 GRAINS 5 SEEDS Bread – 400g

## Weight
sliced, packaged product - 400g

## Category
BAKERY/Benefica RANGE, Packaged bread

## Product photo
- Plain
- Sliced
- Packaged

## Product description
3 GRAINS, 5 SEEDS BREAD – 400 G is a product aimed at active people, being a source of protein and having an intake of essential vitamins and minerals for the body. The bread contains fundamental minerals for the body (such as calcium, magnesium, and potassium) and is ideal for children, adolescents, and athletes, given their intense physical activity. 3 GRAINS, 5 SEEDS is a bread made from 3 whole flours: wheat, rye, oat, and an addition of 5 seeds: pumpkin, sunflower, flax, sesame, poppy. 3 GRAINS, 5 SEEDS - Craving for bread. Craving for life!

## Product benefits
5 benefits of consuming 3 Grains 5 Seeds bread
- 3 Grains 5 Seeds bread, through its intake of water-soluble B-group vitamins, helps maintain the health of hair, skin, and nails, the formation of red blood cells and antibodies, and keeping the circulatory system in good condition.
- The bread provides the necessary energy for the brain and nervous system. It contains approximately 50% starch, so a significant proportion of complex carbohydrates. Consumed at every meal, bread covers the daily ration of these carbohydrates recommended by specialists. Even though the brain is only 2% of body weight, this organ consumes 20% of the total energy. The brain stores energy to have an autonomy of 10 minutes, say specialists. For these reasons, bread for breakfast is extremely important for children. In addition, memory is also directly linked to the consumption of this product.
- Source of protein - it is true that cereals do not contain the ideal percentages of amino acids necessary for the body to synthesize proteins, but when bread is combined with another source of vegetable protein, such as legumes, or with animal protein (milk, eggs, meat, fish), they complement each other perfectly.
- The bread contains fundamental minerals for the body (such as calcium, magnesium, and potassium) and is ideal for children, adolescents, and athletes, given their intense physical activity.
- The bread contributes to regulating intestinal functions through its high fiber content. Any bread is a rich source of both types of fiber. Of course, the best bread is wholemeal, which contains insoluble fibers, say specialists.

## Ingredients
**INGREDIENTS:** wholemeal flour (51.5% whole wheat flour, 4.7% whole rye flour, 1.3% whole oat flour), water, seed mix 14.5% (flax seeds, shelled sunflower seeds, shelled pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, poppy seeds, in variable proportions), wheat gluten, yeast, soy flour, iodized salt, emulsifier (mono and diglycerides of fatty acids), preservative (calcium propionate), antioxidant (ascorbic acid), flour treatment agent (L-cysteine), enzymes.

## Allergens
Gluten, soy, sesame. May contain traces of nuts.

## Nutritional values
Energy and nutritional value per 100g

| Average energy and nutritional values | Value | %RI* per 100g |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|
| Energy value                            | 266kcal/1119kj    | 13.3             |
| Fats                                    | 7.3 g             | 10.4             |
| of which saturated fatty acids          | 0.9 g             | 4.5              |
| Carbohydrates                           | 34.9 g            | 13.4             |
| of which sugars                         | 2.6 g             | 2.9              |
| Proteins                                | 11.6 g            | 23.2             |
| Fiber                                   |                   | _                |
| Salt                                    | 1.2 g             | 20               |

## Shelf life
5 days

---
**PRODUCT SHEET**
- **Codification:** PS 05-F 17
- **Edition:** 01
- **Revision:** 01 / 01.02.2022